Update README.md for postbac opening (#2)
nimh-dsst/dataSci_job_ad_2024: README.md

- Building tools and pipelines for reproducible data analysis using Python
- Implementing reproducible pipelines using both High Performance Computing (HPC) and Elastic Cloud Computing (ECC)
- Writing clear documentation and scholarly publications
- Advocating for open science best practices for reproducibility (e.g. [Software and Data Carpentries](https://carpentries.org/), [BrainHack Global](https://brainhack.org/global2023/), [FAES](https://w.faes.org/home-new))
- Creating, expanding, and supporting [FAIR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAIR_data) data standards in biomedical science (*e.g.* [BIDS](http://bids.neuroimaging.io/), [NWB](https://www.nwb.org/) [OME](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/), [GO](https://geneontology.org/))

### Necessary Qualifications

- A recent undergraduate degree in a STEM field or equivalent knowledge and experience
- Strong coding skills in Python
- Experience with version control and continuous integration with git and github

### Desirable but not Required Qualifications

> 

Reviewer: Consider adding some more microscopy/fiber photometry data repositories

```suggestion
- Experience working with biomedical data repositories and/or biobanks (*e.g.* [The Adolescent Brain and Cognitive Development Project (ABCD)](https://nda.nih.gov/abcd/),  [OpenNeuro](http://openneuro.org), [UK Biobank](http://www.ukbiobank.ac.uk/), [GTEX](https://gtexportal.org/home/), [IDR: Image Data Repository](https://idr.openmicroscopy.org/), [Dandi Archive](https://www.dandiarchive.org/))
```

- Building tools and pipelines for reproducible data analysis using Python
- Implementing reproducible pipelines using both High Performance Computing (HPC) and Elastic Cloud Computing (ECC)
- Writing clear documentation and scholarly publications
- Advocating for open science best practices for reproducibility (e.g. [Software and Data Carpentries](https://carpentries.org/), [BrainHack Global](https://brainhack.org/global2023/), [FAES](https://w.faes.org/home-new))
- Creating, expanding, and supporting [FAIR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAIR_data) data standards in biomedical science (*e.g.* [BIDS](http://bids.neuroimaging.io/), [NWB](https://www.nwb.org/) [OME](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/), [GO](https://geneontology.org/))

### Necessary Qualifications

- A recent undergraduate degree in a STEM field or equivalent knowledge and experience
- Strong coding skills in Python

> - Experience with version control and continuous integration with git and github

Reviewer 2: Continuous integration is not a common experience and could scare away people who would otherwise be quite good in a role like this.

```suggestion
- Experience with version control using Git and GitHub
```
